Update index.md (#231)
DesignSafe-CI/DS-User-Guide: user-guide/docs/index.md

1. [**Request a user account.**](https://accounts.tacc.utexas.edu/register/)
2. You will be redirected to the TACC account registration page.

> 3. On the account registration form **it is now required that you use the email address provided by your Institution or Company or Organization**. Commercial providers such as Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc are no longer allowed.

Reviewer: Abbreviate (`etc.`) or not (`et cetera`)?

```suggestion
3. On the account registration form **it is now required that you use the email address provided by your Institution or Company or Organization**. Commercial providers such as Gmail, Yahoo Mail, et cetera are no longer allowed.
```

```suggestion
3. On the account registration form **it is now required that you use the email address provided by your Institution or Company or Organization**. Commercial providers such as Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc. are no longer allowed.
```
